Bootstrap package and fleetd are installed in other scenarios (#28803)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/macos-setup-experience.md

This enables installing tools like [Puppet](https://www.puppet.com/), [Munki](https://www.munki.org/munki/), or [Chef](https://www.chef.io/products/chef-infra) for configuration management and/or running custom scripts and installing tools like [DEP notify](https://gitlab.com/Mactroll/DEPNotify) to customize the setup experience for your end users.

> The bootstrap package, and Fleet's agent (fleetd), is also installed during [MDM migration](https://fleetdm.com/guides/mdm-migration) and when the enrollment profile is renewed manually by running `sudo profiles renew -type enrollment`.

Author: ```suggestion
The bootstrap package, Fleet's agent (fleetd), and [custom OS settings (configuration profiles)](https://fleetdm.com/guides/custom-os-settings) are also delivered during [MDM migration](https://fleetdm.com/guides/mdm-migration). Only fleetd and configuration profiles are delivered when an enrollment profile is renewed manually by running `sudo profiles renew -type enrollment`.
```
